Description:
	The game is designed using openGL. Other Libraries used are libao,libmpg123. 
	The game starts with a welcome screen. After pressing y key of the keyboard, the game is started. 
	Random blocks fall after every (1/speed) seconds of random colors and positons. Cannon shoots out a laser which in turn hits the falling blocks or reflect from the mirrors or get absorbed by the walls.
	Cannon can move up and down, also it can change its angle of inclination from -45 degrees to 45 degrees. Laser is shot after every 1 sec at stage 1, after every 2 secs at stage 2, after every 3 secs at stage 3, after every 4 secs at stage 4.
	Speed of the falling bricks can be also adjusted.
	Zooming and panning functionality has also been implemented.
	The center mirror can move up and down too.
	Two drums collect the falling blocks. If they overlap, they can only collect black block.
	A golden fruit on the tree can help in getting extra bonus.
	There are 5 lives given initially, if player uses all of them , then game is over and a 'you lose' window appears. Player can continue by pressing c key or quit by pressing q key.
	If score > 100 , player wins and 'you win' window apperars. Player can continue by pressing c key or quit by pressing q key.
	Game can be paused by p key.
	Game sounds are also included at the background while playing.
	Game is set on the beach as these collecting of blocks kinds of games are generally played at beach parties :p.

Controls:
1.) To open the game:
	run ./sample2D
	(after compilation)

2.) To start the game:
	press y (when welcome screen appears).

3.) Controls of the game:
	a.) keyboard:
	

a:
To increase the angle of projection of the cannon (max till 45 degrees).
D:
To decrease the angle of projection of
the cannon (min till 45 degress).
S:
To move up the cannon(max till the top of window).
F:
To move down the cannon(min till the bottom of the line separating drum and laser).
N:
To increase the speed of the falling blocks.
M:
To decrease the speed of the falling blocks (min 0.5).
w:
To move up the center mirror (till some extent).
E:
To move down the center mirror (till some extent).
Space bar:
To launch the laser (but after a min loading time).
Ctrl + left:
To move the red-drum left (till left boundary).
Ctrl + right:
To move the red-drum right (till right boundary).
Alt + left:
To move the green-drum left (till left boundary).
Alt + right:
To move the green-drum right (till right boundary).
Up :
Zoom in (to some extent).
Down:
Zoom out (to some extent).
Left:
panning (to move towards left).
Right:
panning (to move towards right).
C:
To continue the game after winning or losing.
P:
To pause the game and to resume.
Y:
To start the game from the welcome screen.
Q:
To quit the game.
Esc:
To abort the game.

		
	b.)mouse:

Left-mouse click in the falling block area.::
Fires a laser shot in the direction 
of the cursor ( after a min loading time).
Left-mouse click on either of the lower portion of the drums. :
Moves the selected drum (within boundaries).
Left-mouse click on the back part of the cannon. :
Moves the cannon (within boundaries).
Mouse-scroll :
Zoom-in & Zoom-out
Right-Mouse click :
Panning of the screen


Scoring:
	1.) +10, if right colured block enters the right colured drum and the drums are not overlapping.
	2.) +30, if the golden-fruit is shot on the tree.
	3.) -5, if black block enters either of the drum.
	4.) -3, if laser shoots out green or red coloured blocks.
	5.) life-- , if black block enters the drum.
	6.) life-- , if laser shoots out green or red colured blocks.
	7.) if score>100, player wins.
	8.) if life<0 (out of 5) player loses.
	9.) Stages:
		stage-1 : 25>Score>=0, loading time of the cannon : 1sec,
		stage-2 : 50>Score>=25, loading time of the cannon : 2sec,
		stage-3 : 75>Score>=50, loading time of the cannon : 3sec,
		stage-4 : 100>=Score>=75, loading time of the cannon : 4sec


BEST OF LUCK!! :)
